Sprint 1 Objective


-Define of project
The development of renewable energy sources has become a must for the modern era, when traditional combustion energy sources are becoming scarce and expensive and fission energy sources are still dangerous. Among the renewable energy sources, Photovoltaic power sources stand out with lower environmental impact and lower maintenance difficulty. However, there are still problems to be solved if photovoltaic power plants should become the main source of power. Photovoltaic power relies on light to generate electricity, a widely used and necessary resource to multiple entities. Sunlight is also not constant, as it would change depending on conditions including but not limited to the air condition of the second, weather of the day, and day of the year. Therefore, choosing a good location for the photovoltaic power plant is vital. We would want to push forward the use of photovoltaic power sources by providing an AI that would give suggestions on where to build new photovoltaic power plants based on multiple considerations like the landscape, solar resource abundance, local population density and power usage, etc. We hope that our product PhoVo would target the pain point of not knowing where to plan the photovoltaic power plants like antibodies to antigen, and maximize the overall contribution of photovoltaic power plants to the entire environment.
To learn more about the project, contact *********.

-Define of target users
 Our target users are mainly government, power facilities, and technology companies.

-Define of user stories
As the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, we would like to know if power plants would prefer to build traditional power plants or photovoltaic power plants in a certain area if certain programs were locally created, altered, or halted.
As the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, we would like to expand on more scenarios where the photovoltaic power plants could be planted for further research and development experiences.
As the Environmental Protection Agency, we would like to know how we organize our projects to minimize the climate and environmental impact of these power plants.
As a local power facility, we would like to give suggestions on where to build the photovoltaic power plants and visualize the detailed cost and profit of the plant.
As a local power facility, we would like to compare on if we should build thermal power plants or photovoltaic power plants based on the local conditions.
As a technology company, we would like to advertise our new photovoltaic plates to let the facilities know and utilize their specialties well.

-Define of MVP
Location Evaluation: Analyze and score potential locations based on solar exposure, distance from existing infrastructure, and regional power demand.

Data-Driven Insights: Utilize AI models and historical data to predict future power generation potential and make long-term energy viability forecasts.

-Setup the GitHub repository
HTTPS: https://github.com/Bohan1Zhang/Bohan1Zhang-GNN.git
SSH: git@github.com:Bohan1Zhang/Bohan1Zhang-GNN.git

-Plan for Sprint 2
1.Environment Setup(Install key libraries like PyTorch, Matplotlib or Seaborn for initial data visualization.)

2.Web Scraping and Data Collection(Identify sources for the data we need (population, energy demand, distances, etc. Ensure that the data is saved in a structured format (e.g., CSV, JSON).)

3.Data Cleaning

4.Data Exploration and Visualization(Ensure that all the data is ready for the GNN model (check feature consistency, distributions).)
